hair it's all around you tiny almost
invisible
or really really long black blonde red
gray or any color you like
thick and shiny hopefully shining
gleaming streaming flex and waxing
you might even try to get rid of some of
it but hair like the 60s musical on
broadway
keeps coming back there are a few body
parts that aren't covered with hair
like our palms soles and lips palms
would stay the same in a hairless world
but you'd probably have different hands
with no fingernails at all they're
technically hair they're made of keratin
too
modified hair at your fingertips no
toenails either
if you enjoy mellow bird songs music or
the sound of the ocean
congrats you have hair sounds weird
but tiny hairs in your ear actually help
you hear
everything around you there are tiny
hair cells with tiny bristles in the
inner ear
and they kind of brush against sensory
cells which help detect sound
when you get older some of these hairs
fall out so
it's harder to hear things but in a
hairless world
we'd all be deaf huh those tiny hairs
help fluid
vibrate inside the inner ear in the part
of the ear called the cochlea
looks like a snail right oh snails in
your ear
inside the cochlea there are lots of
teeny tiny hairs that vibrate together
with the fluid
and are connected to nerves but that's
not all
the same tiny hairs are responsible for
balance
they hang out in the ear canals that are
full of fluid
when you move the fluid moves as well
and this helps you feel where you are
in space with no ear hair we wouldn't
know where
down was so you can't hear you can't
tell which way is up
and you can forget about walking you'd
need to have someone with hair to
guide you we'd all need guide dogs
let's do some math over 7 billion humans
and only about 900 million dogs in the
world
we're gonna need more dogs we basically
use hair
every single moment of our life even
when we just breathe
nose hairs can be pretty annoying they
stick out to say hello
and make your nose all itchy why not
pluck them out
well nose hairs are one of the best
defenses our bodies have a world without
nose hair
would be a totally different place your
nose is helpless now poor little thing
you'd inhale a lot of stuff that doesn't
belong up there
you're not going to accidentally inhale
a pen or a q-tip that's not what you
have to look out for
they're too big for your nostrils anyway
unless you shove them up there
no it's dust you'd really need to be
afraid of
no safe place for you and your precious
nose not even at home
without any nose here you'd have to wash
the floors at least three times a day
just to avoid choking on dust that you'd
normally never even notice
if you want to make a big splash at a
birthday party
buy the guest of honor a robotic vacuum
without nose hair you'd almost never
take off that ski mask that covers your
face
complete with detachable transparent
shield you want to go outside
you gotta put it on you might want to
avoid mirrors
you look like an old school iron welder
it ain't stylish
but it's the best way to protect your
face even if you went out on a date
you'd always be wearing that thing and
you can forget about bringing flowers
the smell isn't the problem a hairless
world would still smell
good or bad nose hair doesn't have
anything to do with that
specialized sensory cells in your nose
are the ones picking up the scent
it's the pollen that would freak people
out it's game over if that stuff gets in
your hairless nose
i'm talking non-stop sneezing
so much it makes your abs sore no more
roses on valentine's day people
you'd have no eyelashes either this
one's a big one
you really need them to protect your
eyes eyelashes
are like a knight's shield effortlessly
protecting your eyes from dust and lid
when your eyes are closed lashes add an
extra layer of protection
it's like a fortress without them you
might even go blind
but these awesome shields do more than
just protect your beautiful eyeballs
they also help keep your eye temperature
steady your very own personal
teeny tiny trees giving you some sweet
shade
if you want a business idea for a new
hairless world
choose glasses you'd make millions
they'd be a must for everyone
sunny cloudy whatever but they'd look
more like a scuba mask than those new
shades you bought at the mall that have
a built-in nose filter
stylish and they'd be really pricey like
i said
you'd make millions most people would
probably stick with their welding shield
cheap but effective eyebrows get a bad
wrap
like they're not that important some
even pluck them
vigorously and end up with two super
narrow lines
but eyebrows keep sweat away from your
eyes and they're sort of an anti-glare
protection
it's pretty easy to solve an eyebrow
problem just pop on that handy mask
but get this no eyebrows no emotions
head over to a mirror look angry look
sad
look interested your eyebrows are
dancing all over the place
but humans are pretty creative they'd
probably start drawing them on
maybe stylish thin lines or something
more crazy
flowers geometric designs how about two
black cats
sleeping right there on your brow and
you know
some people would be into fake eyebrows
probably made out of faux fur
might want to stock up on those as well
you could make trillions
our skin that's covered with hair would
suffer too
those tiny hairs on your arms and legs
protect you from
all sorts of dust dirt and grease
without them
that stuff would be clogging up your
pores making your skin all greasy
the most obvious thing about a hairless
world is that we'd all be bald
babies kids men and women wigs of all
kind would turn into a multi-billion
dollar industry
hopefully they'd hire all those out of
work hairdressers
no more waxing or shaving either by the
way
guys and no more gray hair
calm down grandpa stress diet and
lifestyle
can all contribute to those pesky gray
hairs popping out all over your
beautiful head
regular exercise eating more fruits and
vegetables
and lowering your stress levels at work
and at home
may help you slow down the process
except in a hairless world
it doesn't matter anyway it might be a
lot harder to tell someone's age without
hair
especially if we're all walking around
with scuba masks on
our bodies would have to change a lot to
adapt and thrive
the main function of our body hair is to
keep our body temperature
just right it's called thermoregulation
but since people sweat and hair is the
perfect spot for bacteria to thrive
people would smell less no hair
basically means
no home for bacteria hairless people
might actually be better at some sports
not by much though swimmers who shave
their legs are 0.6 to 0.7 percent
quicker than those who don't
we'd also be less prone to injuries
hairless body parts don't swell up so
much after minor bumps or bruises
if our bodies had no hair at all our
skin might be totally different
without hair to keep our body at the
perfect temperature
we'd have to use fat we'd have to evolve
some extra fat
under our skin to keep our body
temperature steady
and say goodbye to soft and thin skin
we'd probably develop thicker and
rougher skin for protection
we probably wouldn't even have
goosebumps anymore they're formed at the
base of the hair
so no hair might mean no more goosebumps
we'd have to invent another way of
showing a whole bunch of feelings
like if we're cold frightened or excited
hey
maybe our tongues would swell what if we
could
change the way we smell instead like if
we're cold
we'd suddenly smell like pumpkin spice
latte
and let's bear a thought for all the
people left out of our new hairless
world
rapunzel would be stuck up in that tower
forever
and what about those slo-mo hair
commercials i'm gonna miss those
yep hair today gone tomorrow thanks for
everything hair